.B."Manpage for simple shell
."Created by Lydia Lemarimbe

.TH SIMPLE_SHELL 1 "June 28 2023" "Simple Shell - Command Interpreter"

.SH NAME
simple_shell - simple UNIX command interpreter

.SH SYNOPSIS
simple_shell

.SH COPYRIGHT
simple_shell is Copyright (C) 2023 by Lydia Lemarimbe

.SH DESCRIPTION
The simple_shell utility is a sh-compatible command language interpreter that executes commands read from the standard input.

.SH INVOCATION
The simple_shell utility is invoked without any command line arguments.

When the simple_shell is executed, it displays a prompt and waits for the user to enter a command. The command line argument is then treated as the first argument of the command.

.SH COMMAND EXECUTION
After a command has been entered, the simple_shell utility performs the following actions:

If the command is a built-in command, it is executed by the shell.
If the command is not a built-in command, the shell searches for an executable file with a matching name in the current directory.
If the executable file is found, the shell executes it in a separate execution environment.
If the executable file is not found, the shell displays an error message.
.SH BUILT-IN COMMANDS
The following built-in commands are supported:

.B env

Print the current environment.
.B setenv [Variable] [Value]

Create a new environment variable or modify an existing one.
.B unsetenv [Variable]

Remove an environmental variable.
.B exit [Status]

Exit the shell.
.B cd [Directory]

Change the current directory of the process. If no argument is given, it changes to the home directory. If the argument is "-", it changes to the previous directory.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The simple_shell utility returns the exit status of the last command executed. A command that exits with a status of zero indicates success, while a non-zero exit status indicates failure.

If a command is not found, the exit status is 127.

.SH SEE ALSO
access(2), chdir(2), execve(2), exit(3), fork(2), isatty(3), stat(2), wait(2)

.SH AUTHOR
Lydia Lemarimbe
